README.md, before:

# Mountain Of Anzu
Action RPG to teach myself rust/wasm/webgl. There's not much going on here yet, a bunch of squares and recangles bounce around a colorful background.

## Getting Started

It's real easy.

1. Clone the development branch
2. [Install npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)
3. [Install rustup](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
4. [Install wasm-pack](https://rustwasm.github.io/wasm-pack/installer/)
5.     npm install
6.     wasm-pack build
7.     npm run dev
8. Behold the squares

<!-- ### Prerequisites

You should have nodejs

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **Billie Thompson** - *Initial work* - [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc -->

Commit message:

Updated README.md and Dockerfile

README.md, after:

# Mountain Of Anzu
Action RPG to teach myself rust/wasm/webgl. There's not much going on here yet, a bunch of squares and recangles bounce around a colorful background.

## Getting Started

There's two ways to get started. The easy way and the other easy way.

The easy way.

1. Clone the development branch
1. [Install npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)
1. [Install rustup](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
1. [Install wasm-pack](https://rustwasm.github.io/wasm-pack/installer/)
1. npm install
1. wasm-pack build
1. npm run dev
1. Behold the squares

The other easy way. 

1. Open VS Code
1. Install the remote development extension
1. Connect to the Alpine-Dev-Env.Dockerfile defined container
1. npm install
1. wasm-pack build
1. npm run dev
1. Behold the squares

<!-- ### Prerequisites

You should have nodejs

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Running the tests

Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

### Break down into end to end tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

### And coding style tests

Explain what these tests test and why

```
Give an example
```

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **Billie Thompson** - *Initial work* - [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
* Inspiration
* etc -->
